Improve some links and formatting (#7069)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: sub/source/docs/sub-hardware.rst

-----------------
ArduPilot vehicles normally use radio control (RC) to provide pilot directional control. Since Sub has RC disabled by default, it instead provides directional control with `MAVLink RC overrides <https://mavlink.io/en/services/manual_control.html#alternatives>`__, and the channel mapping is fixed:

> .. note:: :ref:`common-rcmap` can be used to change the vehicle's motion axis control channel assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: :ref:`common-rcmap` can be used to change the vehicle's Roll/Pitch/Yaw/Vertical/Forward/Lateral  control channel assignments.
```
